Joan Kandel: Hello.
Joan Kandel: Jesse
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yes.
Joan Kandel: Hey there, Jesse.
Joan Kandel: To meet you
Jesse Curtis Baca: Nice to meet you.
Joan Kandel: So, um,
Joan Kandel: So let's go ahead and start. I'm glad you're here.
Joan Kandel: Tell me about. Tell me about why you're here and what's going on with you.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Having problems with problems with little kids.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Tell me.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm just, uh, it's all
Jesse Curtis Baca: I don't know, I just been doing it for a long time for five years now.
Joan Kandel: Five years. Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yes, yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: And I'm been sick every day. I'm just been feeling suicidal sometimes
Joan Kandel: Haha it feeling that way today.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, but it's just, you know, it's just the the drugs talking, you know,
Jesse Curtis Baca: Like
Jesse Curtis Baca: Having any
Jesse Curtis Baca: Not having any opiates. That's my one thing
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Are you pretty sick right now.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I'm just lay in bed all day.
Joan Kandel: How long have you. How long has it been since you hadn't up it's
Jesse Curtis Baca: Almost like a few days now.
Joan Kandel: A few days. Yeah.
Like when
Jesse Curtis Baca: Last time moseys I was using the
Jesse Curtis Baca: Search box on like a, you know, I mean it listed
Joan Kandel: Sure. Right. That was the last
Time.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, and last as long half life to and it takes all it's kind of, I don't know.
Jesse Curtis Baca: That's all I gotta say is just just I'm not very happier now.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I, I get that I can, I can tell.
Joan Kandel: I'm when I'm. When did you take. So you took your last dose of Suboxone like how many, how many days ago.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Three days ago.
Joan Kandel: About three and how long's it been since you use is spent know usually what you use.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, cuz I know has a high binding affinity. So it would like you could probably use. It's like, you know, I've translated like
Jesse Curtis Baca: Like you can play easels at the same time, but I started, I don't know, I, I'm fine. But I'm just doing it.
Jesse Curtis Baca: What was your question.
Joan Kandel: How long has it been since you use the fentanyl
Jesse Curtis Baca: I don't know.
Jesse Curtis Baca: How many days for a few days or four
Joan Kandel: Days. Okay. Okay. All right.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Sorry.
Joan Kandel: That's okay, everything so jumbo.
Joan Kandel: Did you use to be honest Suboxone program.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Tell me about that.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I was never dirty for us ever
Jesse Curtis Baca: Um, I had to get surgery done from my mouth, my teeth to get my mom was removed in my wisdom teeth removed, whatever it's called.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, and just
Jesse Curtis Baca: I was having a lot of pain and
Jesse Curtis Baca: They wouldn't help me figure out something
Jesse Curtis Baca: So,
Jesse Curtis Baca: I guess they
Jesse Curtis Baca: I guess I guess just kicked me out.
Joan Kandel: Because you were taking opiates.
Jesse Curtis Baca: No, no, no, no, no, no.
Joan Kandel: Oh, they kick, kick. Because why
Jesse Curtis Baca: Because it was in pain. I need a pain meds and me and helped me so I just left and like they got they got mad. I got mad and they told me to leave and I left.
Joan Kandel: I see. Okay. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: I just did. It did.
Jesse Curtis Baca: They're just prejudiced over there and it bugged me
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh really, hold on. Yeah, just like you guys. Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: That's why I really want to be trying to get clean office people just wondering, all the time.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, sure. Did you feel, how did you feel when you were on the Suboxone regularly.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Good evil or
Jesse Curtis Baca: Awesome.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Have good like stability mafia.
Joan Kandel: Good. Well, we're going to get you to that place again, Jesse.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah. Well, absolutely you you're doing the right thing. This is the right place to be. And we're going to get you stable again on Suboxone and you're gonna be you're gonna get you're, you're gonna get Jesse back
Jesse Curtis Baca: Thank you very much. I really appreciate that a lot. It's probably
Jesse Curtis Baca: take a while to though it's gonna take a while so
Joan Kandel: It's gonna take a while, it always takes a while.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So take it.
Jesse Curtis Baca: To do a drug testing stuff somewhere you guys been referred me to a place and stuff like that. Yes.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah. And then, and then after that I don't know you're here gonna let me know how it works later so
Joan Kandel: I will, I will fear not, it's gonna be okay. It's a good program and you, you do it from you know where you are from your home and it's just, it's just like this. It's, it's on the computer and there's therapy. There's peer support there's Dr. It's, it's gonna be, it's gonna be good.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah, we'll get you stable again. Um, so, how long were you on Suboxone total in total.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Six months approximately
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah. And you were kind of just hitting your stride like you were just feeling stable and getting your life back together at that point.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Hmm. Yeah, it was, it was good.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah. So, um,
Joan Kandel: My it was at the first time you were on Suboxone
Joan Kandel: On a program
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, first one
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Okay, so, um, my, my sense about the subject of getting on the Suboxone is that
Joan Kandel: I mean you know you've been you've been on opiates for like you say five years and and generally speaking people need to kind of stay on Suboxone stay sober and stay stable for
Joan Kandel: Usually at least a year before thinking about, like, Okay, let me try to get off of the Suboxone if they even want to get off the Suboxone some people stay on it long term and that's totally fine. So I don't want you to feel pressure to like
Joan Kandel: Get stable and then
Joan Kandel: Get off the program and you know and pretend like everything's just going to be fine and normal because
Joan Kandel: That's unfortunately not the way that addiction works. It takes it takes a lot of groundwork to kind of get to that place where you feel like okay I could maybe slowly taper off of this and be okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Does it. How does that strike.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Good again how that would be good.
Joan Kandel: Does that make sense.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah. Makes sense. It makes you happy. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, good. I'm a so so it before I asked you some medical questions and answer to your question, because you kind of want to know about how the program works. So I'm so we'll do the intake today, like we're doing right now. I'll prescribe over the computer. The Suboxone to you.
Joan Kandel: And and you'll go to whatever pharmacy. You told us about you'll go there and pick it up later today. So you'll be feeling much better.
Joan Kandel: Today, today today.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Really is for seven steps for seven days or one day.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I called my
Good.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Model clinic day for like seven days until I got a drug test or something like that. I don't know.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Whatever you want to do. Thank you, bro.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, of course. So the way we do it today is are you working. This is another question type
Joan Kandel: Jobs you're applying. Okay.
Joan Kandel: So I need to. I need to set you up in one of the groups because the groups are every week. And that's when we prescribe the medicines is once a week, usually
Joan Kandel: And it's it when people show up for their group and then I'm in the group. If there's a therapist in the group and then other other patients in the group. So usually we do our prescriptions once a week, when you come into group.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay.
Joan Kandel: I'm usually what we do is
Joan Kandel: When someone's first started. So my groups are on Tuesdays. So I'm thinking Tuesday at 430. Does that work for you in the afternoon.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Tuesday for 30 and that's a
Jesse Curtis Baca: This Tuesday. Okay. All right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so that's tomorrow, actually.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, thank you.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you bet. So actually, I will be doing
Joan Kandel: A prescription just for today and tomorrow.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So it'll be a two day prescription
Joan Kandel: And then when you come tomorrow to group then I'll do another week to get you through
Joan Kandel: But you'll have to dose for today and tomorrow because that the group is in the afternoon. So you'll already have your dose for that you won't be hurting for group.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, you know,
Jesse Curtis Baca: That's I get I'm getting really from from right now.
Oh, good.
Joan Kandel: Knowledge.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, this is coming. No. That makes a huge difference. Yeah. Yeah, so it won't be long, Jesse. You'll, you'll have that and you'll feel much better and then tomorrow.
Joan Kandel: So the group starts at 430 so whenever you have a group or an appointment. You always need to call into the virtual clinic about a half an hour beforehand, so call them at four.
Joan Kandel: And then called
Joan Kandel: The partial clinic, which is you know that number that you call this morning.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, so
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, yours is the 582. So, and then, okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: All right, though, that work so
Jesse Curtis Baca: And so I'm seeing was that
Joan Kandel: Um, let me tell you first Jesse, the, the 582 number that you called is not going to be a number that you'll call in the future. That's just for today's visit
Joan Kandel: The four h o number is the number, you'll call every time. And they'll give you a new zoom room number for every week so that so that changes every week, but the one that you always call you could put it on you know in your phone as a saved number is that for you know one
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So that's the one that you'll go half an hour ahead of time.
Joan Kandel: Tomorrow at four.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay.
Joan Kandel: What pharmacy. Did you want it prescribed to oh
Geez.
Joan Kandel: I know I didn't you tell them didn't. You didn't they ask you see
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, which one. Yeah, yeah. I told him tramway oh
Jesse Curtis Baca: Hey babe, what was it again. I want headset. So she won't know.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I thought this miss on time. We're in central, central in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, which is it Walgreens or CVS or
Jesse Curtis Baca: Mr. Smith.
Joan Kandel: Smith Smith. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Trauma central
Joan Kandel: Okay, so we've ever when you told them yesterday. So if it's Smiths, then that's the one that it'll go to because it's already in the electronic records. So it will automatically go to that one would ever when you told them.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I told trauma and central bully game somewhere to other address. Oh, and there's a lot of spaces and Albuquerque here so well.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I don't know if there is
Right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, there's a lot of summit, I can Albuquerque.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I just want to watch one days. They've said though you know i mean i'm
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, but
Joan Kandel: I'll look I'll double check it. So, but you want this. The Smiths this on.
Joan Kandel: The tramway and would you say central
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, tremor in central
Jesse Curtis Baca: OK, cool.
Joan Kandel: So I'll double check that and make sure that's the Smiths that they put
Joan Kandel: So yeah, that's where I'll be prescribing that
Joan Kandel: And then the other thing that all that I'm going to that I always prescribed people I prescribe the Suboxone so I'll just get you two days worth of that. And then I always prescribe a narc can the spray. Do you have any of that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, no lotsa
Jesse Curtis Baca: I have some up. Yeah, I've seen from my last planet.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm going to get you. Scott, can you hear me.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah. It's good to have you know just carry it around with you. You never know when you'll come across somebody who's OD, and you can save their life.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Have you ever done that.
All right, so
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, my little brother.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Really is. Yeah I smoking those Mexican kind of proxies.
Joan Kandel: Oh, gosh.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh god, like, it's like it's like you. It will take us on anesthesia.
Joan Kandel: I was just
Jesse Curtis Baca: Out of like all yeah
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And so you gave it to
Jesse Curtis Baca: Me, I gave him the Narc Kenya.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: And did he
Joan Kandel: broke up with
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, he he woke up really sick.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, he was pissed off.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, right. You just withdrawing
Joan Kandel: Yeah, right.
Joan Kandel: Like when you were worried drawls
Joan Kandel: Insert withdrawals. That's right. But you know, it's an instant death.
Let's paint.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, definitely. So anyways,
Joan Kandel: So I get you another one of those
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, so I can pick up this prescription today.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Without taking these drug tests are now.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Correct. Okay. All right. All right.
Joan Kandel: Yes, so the tests that you're going to do, they told you where the lab is
Jesse Curtis Baca: Um,
Jesse Curtis Baca: I don't know what loud. They said that he gave me a place they just said a name.
Joan Kandel: Okay. All right.
Well,
Joan Kandel: Sometime later this week.
Joan Kandel: Call them back and ask them, which lab. They sent the order to because they sent it to us or her lab. And then you're going to go over there sometime later this week. You don't have to do it before you get meds, you'll get meds first
Joan Kandel: Go over there and they'll want some p to do a drug screen and then they'll also want to get some blood. So we can just do general like liver tests and HIV and hep C and those sorts of blood tests to so it'll be blood MP
Joan Kandel: And then when we do the
Joan Kandel: drug screen we did about once a month randomly and that when you don't have to go to the lab every month for that, that when they're going to send you a an envelope to your to wherever you get mail.
Joan Kandel: And it will be in a kind of a bulky pack like a big envelope.
Joan Kandel: And so when you get that big envelope. Don't open it. Just keep it sealed and then call that
Joan Kandel: Virtual clinic number and tell them I got this. What do I do, and they'll walk you through it. They need to see you open it.
Joan Kandel: And they need to see you take out the cup and then you'll go to the bathroom. They don't need to see you go to the bathroom.
Joan Kandel: you'll bring a cut back and it has the thing that they can read what's in it and you'll just do you bring it up it'll show up to the camera and you'll just do that at home every time so you don't have to sweat that one. It's just the first time that you have to actually go to the lap.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Does that sound okay
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Okay. All right. Um,
Joan Kandel: Yeah. And you can do that sometime this week.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So, um,
Joan Kandel: I tell me a little bit about so you so you were saying about you and opioids and opiates.
Joan Kandel: You said you've been using for about five years. Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Um,
Jesse Curtis Baca: I like to smoke kind of Rockies, like this.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Just opiates just make me feel like
Jesse Curtis Baca: There's like energized and everything.
Uh huh.
Jesse Curtis Baca: And especially Suboxone and works really good though.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It is, it's awesome don't really get you a spot somewhere to get your high though but it keeps you like a good like I don't know I just like doing them. That's all.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I used to shoot up to you though by stop that because i don't i don't want those little particles in my bloodstream.
As you know, right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So I started one
Joan Kandel: So, um, when you when you shut up. Did you shoot up fentanyl or did you shoot up heroin or what, what did you shoot
Jesse Curtis Baca: Um, no. Not at all, because that's like that's like a death sentence. This
Joan Kandel: Is your rate.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Heroin heroin.
Her Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and
Joan Kandel: So when you when you use fentanyl you smoke it. Do you snort it to
Jesse Curtis Baca: Smoke.
Joan Kandel: Smoke. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that's, that's pretty dangerous to
Joan Kandel: Any kind of fentanyl yeah really dangerous.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Scary. I know.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, have you OD before
Jesse Curtis Baca: One time
Joan Kandel: Tell me about that.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I was, um, was with some friends and I woke up my I just woke up, I didn't get in our camera thing.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I just were off or something. I'll just like
Jesse Curtis Baca: Falling asleep, and then I could like see myself falling asleep.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh, uh, yeah.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: Then you're
Jesse Curtis Baca: Like this association.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Wow.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: You were like you were looking down on yourself.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, totally weird though I'll try to catch my breath. It's like kind of
Jesse Curtis Baca: Try to breathe. Like, my heart is through my mouth.
Jesse Curtis Baca: And yeah, and I stopped out of it.
Joan Kandel: Haha, well, well, thank goodness, where you were. You said you were with other people at the time.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, they're not, they're just all eyes you
Joan Kandel: Hahaha, so they wouldn't they weren't really paying attention to you, everyone was just kind of nodding off.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah, yeah.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: How about other other drugs.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm
Jesse Curtis Baca: Smoking weed.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm not an alcohol person has appointed and I was drinking alcohol was because of the drawing.
Joan Kandel: Haha
Jesse Curtis Baca: I just started wanting to do anything to get it away the pain away.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, but of course not really your thing.
Jesse Curtis Baca: No, I hate it makes me sick.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: So when you're feeling okay you don't drink at all.
Huh.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. You don't like the way it makes you feel and
Joan Kandel: How about how about speedy things math or speed or
Jesse Curtis Baca: Coke. Nah, I can do that.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Nah, it doesn't make me feel it makes me feel sick, too.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay. Just make anxiety, panic attacks or something. I just know I get
Jesse Curtis Baca: My daughter from a downer person.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Okay.
Joan Kandel: And what about tobacco.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah. Beeping beeping or cigarettes.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: How much of that do you do a day. How many cigarettes or how many
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh, maybe like almost a half a pack a day.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And have you ever thought about quitting.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I'm going to tapering off with beeping like you know like beeping like the sick a lot. Yeah, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so that's intentionally you switch to be think so that you could cut down on it or are you just like
Jesse Curtis Baca: A better one. Yes, but
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm just, I feel like it's healthier for baking.
Things healthier.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So I just looked at that.
Joan Kandel: And you do you think about tapering down and off of the brain. They think so that you
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I think.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Good. Yeah, well, I totally support you in that it's, I mean, they're both nasty cigarettes, but
Jesse Curtis Baca: To
Joan Kandel: Take over. They do, yeah, they do. They mess up your lungs, they mess up everything.
Joan Kandel: Yep. Okay. Good. I'm glad to hear that.
Joan Kandel: And do you live in Albuquerque, or do you live near Albuquerque.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Well, I'm just that my girlfriend's house staying over here for while she's taking care of me.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay. And so I'm just I that's why I wanted a sheet. She lives here in Cedar crest. So the won't dismiss is just like 15 minutes away. I'm trying central from here.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, and yeah.
Joan Kandel: So that's the closest
Joan Kandel: In
Jesse Curtis Baca: My in central
Joan Kandel: Sure. Where are you from, you're not from Albuquerque.
Jesse Curtis Baca: No more you're already
Joan Kandel: We're already
Jesse Curtis Baca: But I stay over here for now though like, you know, I'm just, I just like hanging out with my like my friends and stuff. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: My good friends not, but these are bad influences over here. That's why I'm not, I'm not anymore, you're at right now. It's just a bad environment.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Where you're just like, there's nothing. It has nothing to do. Moriarty. I just want to get away from that place.
Jesse Curtis Baca: My mom's house is nice.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, my mom's house is necessary thing and it's like a very nice home, but it's just an environment over there and Margaret and my guardian, just to my shift drugs are going on over there.
Jesse Curtis Baca: What, like it's it's booming over there.
Oh,
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, everything's over there.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It's a good TOMO. It's I've seen quiet but people are looking at them.
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I'm here.
Joan Kandel: WELL, GOOD, I'M GLAD YOU'RE you're feeling like you're in a safer place so your friends don't use in your girlfriend.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm not here in Melbourne. Nah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, your friends here in Alberta here now.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And she doesn't use
Jesse Curtis Baca: Mm hmm. No.
Jesse Curtis Baca: smokes weed.
Jesse Curtis Baca: She smoked how to read a little bit whatever she wants to, like, just weed know oh
Joan Kandel: Yeah. And how's your how's your relationship with her.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Right, very good.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good. She's supportive of you getting on the Suboxone
Jesse Curtis Baca: Program. Yeah, and it's safer and, you know, stability, so I can start working
Jesse Curtis Baca: And be as productive, you know,
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm right. I can be productive. I know.
Joan Kandel: Right. Right. And she probably worries about you because you're so down on yourself and feeling like
Joan Kandel: It's not worth it.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: That probably bums her out, I imagine.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: I'm
Joan Kandel: Okay. So how long have you two been together.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Since
Jesse Curtis Baca: November.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Um,
Joan Kandel: All right and and you guys practice safe sex.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Joy's wear your seatbelt in the car.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, good. Your guarantee that one.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good. Good for you.
Jesse Curtis Baca: That's good. I'm glad to hear
Joan Kandel: Do you have a firearm again.
Jesse Curtis Baca: No.
No. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And it's just two of you that live together in her
Jesse Curtis Baca: That's a mobile home cedar.
Joan Kandel: OK. OK.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it's just the two of you.
Jesse Curtis Baca: To Chris's right next yeah cedar crest is really close off correctly and yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: I have never heard of cedar crest sit on the north part of Albuquerque or
Jesse Curtis Baca: Not its own town.
Joan Kandel: East
Jesse Curtis Baca: It's, it's in the mountains.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: I haven't heard of it.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Or cedar crest. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Joan Kandel: I'm in New Mexico to, but I'm way up in I'm in Tulsa. We have North
Oh, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And do you have any medical problems, besides addiction.
Joan Kandel: No. Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Well, psychiatric I think psychiatric medications, but it's nothing no control substances or anything. It's just standard stuff.
Joan Kandel: What do you take
Jesse Curtis Baca: Sir quill pen.
Joan Kandel: Okay, um, how much circle. Do you take
Jesse Curtis Baca: A it's a did it got dropped down to 100 milligrams. And that's it for that.
Joan Kandel: And get a pen.
Jesse Curtis Baca: 800 milligrams three times a day.
So,
Joan Kandel: That's kind of a high highest dose.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, Bible is definitely was a box for six months before and never had issues with it.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. And who prescribes those minutes for you.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Gina Gina, she's a Esperanza medical
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And how often do you see her.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Every other two months.
Jesse Curtis Baca: And post a senior, man.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good.
Joan Kandel: Into she know about your op I'd use
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. But she doesn't prescribe Suboxone
Jesse Curtis Baca: Nah, she Oh, she's not. She's not licensed to project projects and I wish.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I wish she was I would
Jesse Curtis Baca: Make it easier. Yeah, right.
Joan Kandel: Right, yeah.
Joan Kandel: And are you allergic to any medicines.
Joan Kandel: No. Okay.
Joan Kandel: And have you ever had any surgeries at all.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Just mouth surgery, which was like, like, like
Jesse Curtis Baca: Eight months ago or something.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good.
Because like for movies.
Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: That's the only surgery, you've ever had.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good.
Joan Kandel: So your mom lives in Moriarty.
Joan Kandel: She healthy
Jesse Curtis Baca: Nah, not really know
What's up,
Jesse Curtis Baca: High blood pressure, diabetes, fibromyalgia neuropathy, which is diabetes.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm a little bit of psychiatric issues, just like you know like depression, anxiety,
Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Um, it is your dad alive.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And is he healthy
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, he's okay.
Joan Kandel: He's okay. Are they together.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: They're cool. Well, it's yeah there's together. But not really, but
Jesse Curtis Baca: Um, they're just they're making a trying to work, I guess, I don't know.
Uh huh.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I don't know the business too much.
Joan Kandel: Haha, they live together.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Kind of. Kind of.
Joan Kandel: Kind of, I guess it's complicated.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, okay.
Joan Kandel: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, they're all yeah you're all grown up.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Are you the youngest
Jesse Curtis Baca: Middle
Joan Kandel: Middle of how many, how many brothers and sisters. Do you have
Jesse Curtis Baca: For biological and for adoption.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh, big family.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And you're right.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Me, My mom.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, me just me. My mom. We're living in the house, basically.
Joan Kandel: Where's everybody else. Oh, they're all gone.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Everyone's living on their own.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I see clients.
Joan Kandel: Have no yeah yeah okay are you close with your brothers and sisters
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Good.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: How about substance use in the family. Are there others who are struggling with that.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Just me. My little brother. That's it.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Is he still using
Jesse Curtis Baca: Um, I think he's like kind of stopped. I think he might be so
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Are you in touch with him.
Jesse Curtis Baca: A little bit. Whenever I go over to my right, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, okay.
Joan Kandel: All right.
Joan Kandel: Um,
Joan Kandel: So, uh, so what kind of withdrawal symptoms are you having right now. What are you feeling right now.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Aches and pains.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Just really I'm writing a really dark place right now.
Joan Kandel: You went
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm in a really dark place like suicidal thumbs.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Do you feel like you'll hurt yourself now.
Jesse Curtis Baca: No, I can't control myself right now.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I know I can. So I know that I'm I'm getting hot right now so
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. So that gives you gives you hope that you can
Joan Kandel: Make it through.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Do you get to that real hopeless place often
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, when I don't have anything. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Have you tried to kill yourself.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Um, yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Just didn't really have. I didn't really do it do it though. Like,
Jesse Curtis Baca: I thought about doing it, but
Jesse Curtis Baca: Just, just cuz I don't have anything
Joan Kandel: Yeah. What did you try to do
Jesse Curtis Baca: Was cut myself, I guess, or cut myself.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Up, I would have
Jesse Curtis Baca: Uh huh. So
Jesse Curtis Baca: What I know I'll be I'll be fine. Now when I get
All this done good
Joan Kandel: Good.
Joan Kandel: I'm glad to hear that.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And how's your belly feel
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So hurts.
Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: This
Joan Kandel: Restless, yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I was. Yeah, was a house do you not. Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Resonances
Jesse Curtis Baca: Like, that's the worst part is the restlessness.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, just because
Jesse Curtis Baca: I get these beard. Like, like, like, like I'm exacts are these apps and brains apps.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you feel physically
Jesse Curtis Baca: On the right side of my body. Yeah. Am I, am I just restlessness. It feels like
Jesse Curtis Baca: And then when I take something like, you know, the opiates, it goes away, like, you know,
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: It's been like your withdrawal.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, it's bad.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It's where it's the worst part.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right. Have you had any
Joan Kandel: Recent weight change.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I think I did. I bought. I probably have lost a few pounds.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Just because you're not eating because you've been sick because you haven't had anything
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, um, any problems with your eyes like change in vision or pain in your eyes or redness.
Jesse Curtis Baca: No.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so I'm just going to kind of read down a bunch of symptoms you stop me if you have any of these things hearing loss ringing in the ears.
Joan Kandel: blooding bloody nose sores in the mouth, neck pain. COUGH wheeze shortness of breath pain in the chest swelling of the feet or ankles.
Joan Kandel: pain when you pee change in hair or skin or bruising easily pain in the muscles pain in the back, difficulty walking headache, dizziness, numbness
Joan Kandel: Weakness difficulty speaking
Joan Kandel: change in mood. We already talked about depression and anxiety, insomnia,
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah yeah
Jesse Curtis Baca: Really tough to sleep. Yeah, take extra to take extra carbs or equal
Jesse Curtis Baca: add extra circle.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Bottles. Yeah, I just take that and I found some climate Dean and
Jesse Curtis Baca: I had to. I had to do something. Okay, so
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yes.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So the climate. Climate in barely took the edge off.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Uh huh.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It's a bit. It's a better blocker. They use it for jobs.
Joan Kandel: Yes. Yeah, it's a good medicine.
Joan Kandel: So much about medicines.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I like the work
Jesse Curtis Baca: I just read about it. I
Jesse Curtis Baca: Guess.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It's good to the how us Harmer yes
Jesse Curtis Baca: That's right. My you
Joan Kandel: Seem to you seem to be pretty knowledgeable about that.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, that's good, but
Jesse Curtis Baca: As long as on some box. I want to be stable and not not going to be dirty or
Jesse Curtis Baca: Maybe find every good it's going to go with a worker.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, I believe you. I think it's going to help a lot.
Joan Kandel: Um, how tall are you, and how much do you weigh
Jesse Curtis Baca: I am five, six and our way 155
Joan Kandel: Okay. Do you happen to know what your blood pressure was last time it was checked. You know what the numbers were
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh, I don't know, but it's always been good.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay. Always been good, though.
Joan Kandel: Next time you go to the doctor will you ask them to take a full set of vital signs and have them write it down for you and then you can let us know what it is we can put it in your chart.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, sounds good. I think I might have a blood pressure cuff somewhere over here.
Joan Kandel: Oh, that would be awesome.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I'll get that I'm not gonna bother her and elbow.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Well, okay, that's fine.
Joan Kandel: That's fine. So if you get that the, you know, like later today. You could call the virtual clinic and just let them know that that Dr. Candle wanted to know your vital signs and just the write it down.
Jesse Curtis Baca: That'd be super fast.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, so kind of get back. I want to pick up this this box. I'm seeing as I can. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Do that later. That's not a problem.
Jesse Curtis Baca: All right. Can I do that, like, like, what, how long does it take, you know, like, all that stuff on my chance
Joan Kandel: To get to get to the pharmacy.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, like what yeah
Jesse Curtis Baca: For the so
Joan Kandel: Yeah. So right after we finish up putting the prescription. It depends on the pharmacy. They've been really overrun lately because of all of this virus stuff that's happening. The coronavirus so
Jesse Curtis Baca: The pharmacy is a little bit bogged down and slow.
Joan Kandel: But I would imagine that probably within a couple hours they should have it for you.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh, that's fine. Yeah, I love today. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: It will definitely be today, Jesse.
Joan Kandel: No, no worse. It'll do today.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So the dosage would be like, you know,
Joan Kandel: I want to talk to you about the dosage so
I'm
Joan Kandel: A when you were when you were buying it illegally. How much did you take of it.
Jesse Curtis Baca: eight milligrams at once.
Joan Kandel: How many times a day, or just once a day.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Twice a day. Some people disagree a day but price is good for me.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah. You know, I found that I've really found that most people do fine on twice a day.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It doesn't make a difference to me.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I pose the same issue.
Joan Kandel: Well, that's awesome. To know that's
Joan Kandel: That's perfect. That's great. And I think that's true for a lot of people is that you know that
Joan Kandel: That extra eight milligrams really doesn't make a difference. It's the
Joan Kandel: It's the first eight milligrams. Some people are fine on eight milligrams a day. Some people kind of need 12 or 16 but yeah that's so that's good. You know that about yourself.
Joan Kandel: So,
Jesse Curtis Baca: So, yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It does. Okay.
Joan Kandel: So the ceiling effect. Yeah. You know, you know what you're talking about.
Joan Kandel: So, uh, have you ever tried taking it just 16 milligrams in the morning, all at once.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I take eight milligrams in the morning and eight milligrams and I
Joan Kandel: Have you ever tried taking it all at once.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It doesn't really like the be honest with you, I hope I take it all at once.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I really can't tell the difference. Well, when I take it the other eight milligrams at night. I kind of feel like start again.
Joan Kandel: Like you, I mean,
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, plasma levels pi go lower. And then when I took another eight milligrams and it goes back up a little bit.
Joan Kandel: Like, it's okay. So, um, so that's fine with me. If you want to take it twice a day like that.
Joan Kandel: It's a medicine that really is. It's made to last a full 24 hours so that people just take it once a day. So I'm going to just
Joan Kandel: Prescribe you 16 milligrams a day and let you decide which way works better. Either you could take it eight and then eight or you could take it all at once at 16
Joan Kandel: If you, if you were to take it 16 milligrams every morning on a consistent basis you take it, you know, for like three or four days in a row, you could kind of see which one works better if it works the same.
Joan Kandel: Then just take it all in the morning because then you don't have to like keep remembering and have to think and have to, like, you know,
Joan Kandel: Feel like you have to take something twice a day. It's just so much easier to take something once a day. So, but, you be the judge of that. And you decide
Joan Kandel: If it works just as well to take it all in the morning, which a lot of people feel it does, then just take it all in the morning. If you feel it works better to split it up. Do it.
Joan Kandel: Okay, the judge you be the judge. However, it works better for you.
Jesse Curtis Baca: OK.
Joan Kandel: OK, so the last thing I need to do is just to kind of a quick physical exam, which is
Joan Kandel: kind of difficult to do on the computer. But if you could look straight into the camera and bring the camera close to your eyes. I'd like to look into your eyes so look right at the camera that's perfect look right at the camera and look to your right.
Joan Kandel: Look to your right.
Joan Kandel: Here left. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, no, I
Jesse Curtis Baca: Just your I've always heard that term a header.
Joan Kandel: Yes, your eyes. Yeah. Look to your left. Good. Look to the top of your head.
Joan Kandel: Look down towards your feet.
Joan Kandel: Good. Okay, and now you could pull the camera back a little bit, let me look in your mouth.
Joan Kandel: Great. Okay. Good. And now pull the camera back a little bit and let me watch you take some deep breaths. Watch your chest kind of rise.
Joan Kandel: Perfect, thank you. And now, if you could just kind of push on your belly and tell me if anything hurts when you push on your belly all different areas of your belly.
Jesse Curtis Baca: No, that's fine.
Joan Kandel: Feels. Okay. Okay, great.
Joan Kandel: Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Good. Um, any rashes, or anything on your skin worth worth noting. No, no.
Joan Kandel: No big scars anywhere.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Scars
Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh,
Joan Kandel: No. Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah. What do you mean by scars, though.
Joan Kandel: Like anywhere you cut yourself or bad, and you've got a score.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh yeah I caught myself before
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Let's see.
Jesse Curtis Baca: It's like little scars, this little tiny
Joan Kandel: Like oh, like from cutting. Are you cutter.
Joan Kandel: Click on your arms.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, it was just recently it was just this one time because they're just like not stable on Suboxone you know it's been it's been wanting to get stability, you know,
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah yeah okay is that on your wrist.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yes, left side, it's barely. It's just a not bad at all.
Joan Kandel: Okay. All right. I'm
Joan Kandel: A NT you don't when you used to shoot up. Do you get any track marks or any scars from that.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Tiny, tiny little scar scars or no trademarks.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: So I told you, whenever it was just a little bit like one it was.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And it was a while ago. Yeah, yeah. Um, and have you been tested for HIV and hep C.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I haven't been tested for that. But, um, I've never shared needles. If anyone knows just the new ones. I had their insulin needles. My mom had extra
Jesse Curtis Baca: Haha, no, no. She don't get those Lamar, she gets like the different kind
Jesse Curtis Baca: Of oh yeah so that are more of those.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Okay. All right. Um, okay. So, uh,
Joan Kandel: Well, one thing to tell you about group that we didn't already talked about.
Joan Kandel: So make sure you have your headphones. I'm glad you have headphones. Make sure you have your headphones in. And you have your camera so that nobody else can see just for confidentiality of the other people who were in the group so that it stays kind of private
Joan Kandel: Okay then. Also, one of the things about group is there's no smoking or no faith being in the group.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yes, I understand.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good. And it's an hour. It's an hour every week. So, so you do so. The program is every week you'll have group for an hour. And like I say, it'll be me and therapist. Her name is Dominique, she's wonderful
Joan Kandel: And then other people. There's usually anywhere between, like, five and 10 people in the group, depending on the week.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: Dominique the therapist will be getting in touch with you to set up an appointment to have an individual therapy. So there's group and then there's individual therapy to
Jesse Curtis Baca: So she's going to go catch with
Joan Kandel: You to set that up probably sometime later this week.
Jesse Curtis Baca: And we're groupie once a week for an hour.
Joan Kandel: Group is once a week for an hour. You got it.
Joan Kandel: And it started group starts at 430 but calling it for
Jesse Curtis Baca: Call enough for
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Got it.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, I got him.
Joan Kandel: Okay, any questions for me, Jesse.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Know you do too good everything really really smooth jazz pianist box. I'm so I could just feel normal. And just do what we are live on.
Joan Kandel: My life. You're almost there. You're almost there, buddy. Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, thanks.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you're welcome. So
Joan Kandel: Right now when we get off the call. I'm going to put it in so you can head over there or you can you could call them in an hour or two, and see if it's there and ready
Jesse Curtis Baca: Yeah, okay. All right, so you you send it there and then I'll wait for another two hours, not culture hours later.
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Jesse Curtis Baca: And we'll go from there.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, and then you'll be feeling better and then sometime later this week, go to the lab.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, I'll come in and see where it's at. And thanks
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you're welcome. Jesse. I'll see you tomorrow.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay. Sounds good.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so I'm only giving you that I'm only giving you four pills today to for today to for tomorrow.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Oh okay pills or it doesn't matter.
Joan Kandel: Strips strips.
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'm sorry, I meant for substance abuse.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: I'm doing the strips. Yeah, sorry, I meant strips for strips.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Nice. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay, this one.
Jesse Curtis Baca: Is all past. Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, they're good. Yeah, by Jesse
Jesse Curtis Baca: I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. All right. Bye bye.
Bye.